Add required steps for installing OSS Calico on Openshift v4.16+ on AWS (#1820)
tigera/docs: calico/getting-started/kubernetes/openshift/installation.mdx

openshift-install create manifests
```

:::note

> If you are using OpenShift **v4.16 or newer** on **AWS**, at this point you need to edit the OpenShift cluster-api manifests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OpenShift **v4.16 or newer** on **AWS**, configure AWS security groups to allow BGP, typha and IP-in-IP encapsulation traffic by editing the OpenShift cluster-api manifests
```

that configure AWS security groups to allow BGP, typha and IP-in-IP encapsulation traffic in your cluster.

Edit `spec.network.cni.cniIngressRules` in the `cluster-api/02_infra-cluster.yaml` file to add the following rules:

```
      cniIngressRules:
      (...)
      - description: BGP (calico)
        fromPort: 179
        protocol: tcp
        toPort: 179
      - description: IP-in-IP (calico)
        fromPort: -1
        protocol: "4"
        toPort: -1
      - description: Typha (calico)
        fromPort: 5473
        protocol: tcp
        toPort: 5473
```

> Alternatively, you can use the [yq tool](https://github.com/kislyuk/yq) to patch the file with a single command:
> 
> ```
> yq -y -i '.spec.network.cni.cniIngressRules += [{ "description": "BGP (calico)", "fromPort": 179, "protocol": "tcp", "toPort": 179 }, { "description": "IP-in-IP (calico)", "fromPort": -1, "protocol": "4", "toPort": -1 }, { "description": "Typha (calico)", "fromPort": 5473, "protocol": "tcp", "toPort": 5473 }]' cluster-api/02_infra-cluster.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: `yq` commands tends to be heavly dependant on the vers so perharps we do not want to include `yq` here
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I agree. Better to present one way to complete a task.
